Because the funds are not available
The factory has been shut down.
There is no way to produce new orders at all.
Don't ask you to make a bank appointment now
Use the shares of the Sun Group as a mortgage
Useless damage Li continues to walk around
Our factory is not mature enough.
There is no way to produce
We were all fooled by him for the order.
You can't get your 10 billion back
Shareholders are now blocked at the door
I want you to hold a shareholders' meeting immediately
Oh, I see.
You go now to appease the shareholders
Convene a meeting of everyone to the beauty conference ceremony
Very happy
No matter what happens, we will bear it together
You help me watch grandpa and my dad
He can't stand it when he knows it. Don't worry.
Your Excellency the President
I am Qinglong
I'm here to collect the debt
You soaked in the Lee Zai family in Thailand
I want them to go bankrupt
Hello Phantom it's me
Why is the uncle looking for me in such a hurry?
Help me wake up the Blue Dragon Royal North Wing
It's time for the action.
Yes and
Check it out for me.
Behind the cooperation between Li Fighter and Sun Group
Who else is playing tricks?
Once you find out what you're talking about
Understand that today I'm going to let these bastards
Lower their brick-and-mortar industry
I want to be together
And their overseas markets
Not a penny of their domestic money is allowed to flow out of the country